`data/`
=======

This documents contains some small notes on the data files in this repository. 

`9top-contributors-other-edits.tsv` 
-----------------------------------

A (tab-delimited) CSV file with the columns: `user` (the username), `title` (title of the Wikipedia page) and `n_edits` (the number of edits he/she made). We started with the 12 originally selected designer drugs. From these 12 subtances, we took the three with the largest associated articles (measured in Bytes): 

* Selegiline
* 25I-NBOMe
* Mephedrone

For these substances, we selected the top three users that contributed most to these pages (measured in the number of edits). For *Selegiline* we found the users: 

* Jytdog
* Bbarmadillo
* Bk0

For *25I-NBOMe*:

* Catclock
* Testem
* Mnation2
    
And for *Mephedrone*

* Smartse
* Materialscientist
* Meodipt

For each of these users, we scraped the articles they edited the most. You find all these in this file. 


`articles.txt`
--------------

List of unique articles. Each article is in the top of at least one of the contributors to the list of designer drugs. This file is generated using the 
the R-script `R/chemical-youth.R` and based on the `data/top-edits-users-designer-drugs.tsv`.

`external-links-designer-drug.tsv`
----------------------------------

A tab-delimited CSV file containing all the external links of all the Wikipedia pages on designer drugs. 

It contains three columns: 

* `page_id`: the ID of the Wikipedia page; 
* `name`: the title of the Wikipedia page; 
* `external_link`: the external link. 

This file can be generated using the script: 

    $ python bin/scrape-external-links.py -v data/list-designer-drugs.txt output.csv 

`list-designer-drugs.txt`
-------------------------

List of all the designer drugs on Wikipedia with a Wikipedia page. We used as an original list the Wikipage: `https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_designer_drugs`

`network_u10_m0.gexf`
---------------------

A network that can be read by Gephi. It is a cocontributors network, where the nodes represent individual articles. These articles are in the top edits list for the users that also contributed to the articles on designer drugs. The weight of the links represent the number of users that contributed on both pages. `u10` reflects that the fact that we only consider articles that had at least 10 users that contributed to the designer drug pages. `m0` reflects that there was no threshold on the weight of the edges, i.e., all edges are in the network. 

The file can be generated using the script: 

    $ python bin/create-network.py -v data/top-edits-users-designer-drugs.tsv network_u10_m0.gexf -u 10 -m 0


`network_u10_m5.gexf`
---------------------

Similar to `network_u10_m5.gexf`, but all edges with weight less than 5 are discarded. The file can be generated using the script: 

    $ python bin/create-network.py -v data/top-edits-users-designer-drugs.tsv network_u10_m5.gexf -u 10 -m 5

`top-articles-designer.drugs.tsv`
---------------------------------

A tab-delimited CSV file containing the articles that were edited by users that contributed to the designer drug pages. The columns represent: 

* `title`: the title of the Wikipedia article; 
* `n_users`: the number of users that also contributed to the designer drug pages that contributed to this page; 
* `n_edits`: the total number of edits made by these users. 

This file is generated using the R-script `R/chemical-youth.R` and based on the `data/top-edits-users-designer-drugs.tsv`.

`top-articles-designer.drugs.tsv`
---------------------------------

Top 50 of the articles edited by most users from `top-articles-designer.drugs.tsv`. This file is generated using the R-script `R/chemical-youth.R` and based on the `data/top-edits-users-designer-drugs.tsv`.

`top-edits-users-designer-drugs.tsv`
------------------------------------

A tab-delimited CSV file containing the top 100 edited articles for every user that contributed to the pages on designer drugs as well. The columns represent: 

* `user`: the username; 
* `title`: the title of the Wikipedia page he/she edited; 
* `n_edits`: the number of edits this user made to this page.

This file can be generated by running

    $ python bin/scrape-top-edits-for-users.py -v data/unique-identified-users-designer-drugs.tsv data/top-edits-users-designer-drugs.tsv

`unique-identified-users-designer-drugs.tsv`
--------------------------------------------

A list of all users that contributed to at least one of the designer drug pages on Wikipedia. All users that were bots or just IP addresses were discarded. This file can generated by typing

    $ python bin/get-users.py --no-bots --no-anonymized data/users-designer-drugs.tsv data/unique-identified-users-designer-drugs.tsv


`unique-users-designer-drugs.tsv`
---------------------------------

A tab-delimited CSV file containing all the users that contributed to the pages on designer drugs in Wikipedia. The columns represent: 

* `user`: the username; 
* `bot`: TRUE if the user is a bot, i.e., the username contains 'bot', and FALSE otherwise; 
* `ip`: TRUE is the username is an IP, FALSE otherwise. 

This file can generated by typing

    $ python bin/get-users.py --add-columns data/users-designer-drugs.tsv data/unique-users-designer-drugs.tsv

`users-designer-drugs.tsv`
--------------------------

A tab-delimited file CSV contains all the users that contributed to the list of designer drug pages on Wikipedia. The columns represent: 

* `name` - the title of the designer drug page; 
* `user` - the username;     
* `n_edits` - the number of edits the user made to the page; 
* `n_minor_edits` - the number of minor edits the user made to the page;   
* `first_edit` - the time stamp of the first edit;
* `last_edit` - the time stamp of the last edit;   
* `added_bytes` - total number of bytes added. 

This file can be generated by typing

    $ python bin/scrape-users.py -v data/list-designer-drugs.txt data/users-designer-drugs.tsv 


